docs: make review adjustments in the SSR guide (#50785)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/universal.md

The server \([Node.js Express](https://expressjs.com) in this guide's example\) passes client requests for application pages to the NgUniversal `ngExpressEngine`.

> Under the hood, the render functions, while providing caching and other helpful utilities.

Author: @pkozlowski-opensource while I was here, I also noticed that this sentence does not make sense in its current format. Do you have any idea what should be the correct one so that I can incorporate it into the PR? Thanks!

> Under the hood, the render functions, while providing caching and other helpful utilities.

Reviewer: We can rephrase it as:
```suggestion
Under the hood, the engine renders the app, while also providing caching and other helpful utilities.
```
